Binary Tree/Print the Path of Diameter in binary tree.md, before:

### __Print the Path of Diameter in binary tree__

```cpp
// C++ program to print the longest leaf to leaf
// path
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
 
// Tree node structure used in the program
struct Node {
    int data;
    Node *left, *right;
};
 
struct Node* newNode(int data)
{
    struct Node* node = new Node;
    node->data = data;
    node->left = node->right = NULL;
 
    return (node);
}
 
// Function to find height of a tree
int height(Node* root, int& ans, Node*(&k), int& lh, int& rh,
                                                     int& f)
{
    if (root == NULL)
        return 0;
 
    int left_height = height(root->left, ans, k, lh, rh, f);
 
    int right_height = height(root->right, ans, k, lh, rh, f);
 
    // update the answer, because diameter of a
    // tree is nothing but maximum value of
    // (left_height + right_height + 1) for each node
 
    if (ans < 1 + left_height + right_height) {
 
        ans = 1 + left_height + right_height;
 
        // save the root, this will help us finding the
        //  left and the right part of the diameter
        k = root;
 
        // save the height of left & right subtree as well.
        lh = left_height;
        rh = right_height;
    }
 
    return 1 + max(left_height, right_height);
}
 
// prints the root to leaf path
void printArray(int ints[], int len, int f)
{
    int i;
     
   
 
    // print left part of the path in reverse order
    if (f == 0) {
        for (i = len - 1; i >= 0; i--) {
            printf("%d ", ints[i]);
        }
    }
 
    // print right part of the path
    else if (f == 1) {
        for (i = 0; i < len; i++) {
            printf("%d ", ints[i]);
        }
    }
}
 
// this function finds out all the root to leaf paths
void printPathsRecur(Node* node, int path[], int pathLen,
                                         int max, int& f)
{
    if (node == NULL)
        return;
 
    // append this node to the path array
    path[pathLen] = node->data;
    pathLen++;
 
    // If it's a leaf, so print the path that led to here
    if (node->left == NULL && node->right == NULL) {
 
        // print only one path which is equal to the
        // height of the tree.
        if (pathLen == max && (f == 0 || f == 1)) {
            printArray(path, pathLen, f);
            f = 2;
        }
    }
 
    else {
 
        // otherwise try both subtrees
        printPathsRecur(node->left, path, pathLen, max, f);
        printPathsRecur(node->right, path, pathLen, max, f);
    }
}
 
// Computes the diameter of a binary tree with given root.
void diameter(Node* root)
{
    if (root == NULL)
        return;
 
    // lh will store height of left subtree
    // rh will store height of right subtree
    int ans = INT_MIN, lh = 0, rh = 0;
 
    // f is a flag whose value helps in printing
    // left & right part of the diameter only once
    int f = 0;
    Node* k;
     
  
    int height_of_tree = height(root, ans, k, lh, rh, f);
     
   
    int lPath[100], pathlen = 0;
 
    // print the left part of the diameter
    printPathsRecur(k->left, lPath, pathlen, lh, f);
    printf("%d ", k->data);
    int rPath[100];
    f = 1;
 
    // print the right part of the diameter
    printPathsRecur(k->right, rPath, pathlen, rh, f);
}
 
// Driver code
int main()
{
    // Enter the binary tree ...
    //           1
    //         /   \    
    //        2     3
    //      /   \  
    //     4     5
    //      \   / \
    //       8 6   7
    //      /
    //     9
    struct Node* root = newNode(1);
    root->left = newNode(2);
    root->right = newNode(3);
    root->left->left = newNode(4);
    root->left->right = newNode(5);
    root->left->right->left = newNode(6);
    root->left->right->right = newNode(7);
    root->left->left->right = newNode(8);
    root->left->left->right->left = newNode(9);
 
    diameter(root);
 
    return 0;
}
```

Commit message:

Update Print the Path of Diameter in binary tree.md

Binary Tree/Print the Path of Diameter in binary tree.md, after:

### __Print the Path of Diameter in binary tree__

- This is same as printing longest __leaf-to-leaf__ path in binary tree

```cpp
// C++ program to print the longest leaf to leaf
// path
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
 
// Tree node structure used in the program
struct Node {
    int data;
    Node *left, *right;
};
 
struct Node* newNode(int data)
{
    struct Node* node = new Node;
    node->data = data;
    node->left = node->right = NULL;
 
    return (node);
}
 
// Function to find height of a tree
int height(Node* root, int& ans, Node*(&k), int& lh, int& rh,
                                                     int& f)
{
    if (root == NULL)
        return 0;
 
    int left_height = height(root->left, ans, k, lh, rh, f);
 
    int right_height = height(root->right, ans, k, lh, rh, f);
 
    // update the answer, because diameter of a
    // tree is nothing but maximum value of
    // (left_height + right_height + 1) for each node
 
    if (ans < 1 + left_height + right_height) {
 
        ans = 1 + left_height + right_height;
 
        // save the root, this will help us finding the
        //  left and the right part of the diameter
        k = root;
 
        // save the height of left & right subtree as well.
        lh = left_height;
        rh = right_height;
    }
 
    return 1 + max(left_height, right_height);
}
 
// prints the root to leaf path
void printArray(int ints[], int len, int f)
{
    int i;
     
   
 
    // print left part of the path in reverse order
    if (f == 0) {
        for (i = len - 1; i >= 0; i--) {
            printf("%d ", ints[i]);
        }
    }
 
    // print right part of the path
    else if (f == 1) {
        for (i = 0; i < len; i++) {
            printf("%d ", ints[i]);
        }
    }
}
 
// this function finds out all the root to leaf paths
void printPathsRecur(Node* node, int path[], int pathLen,
                                         int max, int& f)
{
    if (node == NULL)
        return;
 
    // append this node to the path array
    path[pathLen] = node->data;
    pathLen++;
 
    // If it's a leaf, so print the path that led to here
    if (node->left == NULL && node->right == NULL) {
 
        // print only one path which is equal to the
        // height of the tree.
        if (pathLen == max && (f == 0 || f == 1)) {
            printArray(path, pathLen, f);
            f = 2;
        }
    }
 
    else {
 
        // otherwise try both subtrees
        printPathsRecur(node->left, path, pathLen, max, f);
        printPathsRecur(node->right, path, pathLen, max, f);
    }
}
 
// Computes the diameter of a binary tree with given root.
void diameter(Node* root)
{
    if (root == NULL)
        return;
 
    // lh will store height of left subtree
    // rh will store height of right subtree
    int ans = INT_MIN, lh = 0, rh = 0;
 
    // f is a flag whose value helps in printing
    // left & right part of the diameter only once
    int f = 0;
    Node* k;
     
  
    int height_of_tree = height(root, ans, k, lh, rh, f);
     
   
    int lPath[100], pathlen = 0;
 
    // print the left part of the diameter
    printPathsRecur(k->left, lPath, pathlen, lh, f);
    printf("%d ", k->data);
    int rPath[100];
    f = 1;
 
    // print the right part of the diameter
    printPathsRecur(k->right, rPath, pathlen, rh, f);
}
 
// Driver code
int main()
{
    // Enter the binary tree ...
    //           1
    //         /   \    
    //        2     3
    //      /   \  
    //     4     5
    //      \   / \
    //       8 6   7
    //      /
    //     9
    struct Node* root = newNode(1);
    root->left = newNode(2);
    root->right = newNode(3);
    root->left->left = newNode(4);
    root->left->right = newNode(5);
    root->left->right->left = newNode(6);
    root->left->right->right = newNode(7);
    root->left->left->right = newNode(8);
    root->left->left->right->left = newNode(9);
 
    diameter(root);
 
    return 0;
}
```
